c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\obj\Debug\BooksStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\BooksStore.dll.config
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\BooksStore.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\BooksStore.pdb
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\obj\Debug\BooksStore.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\obj\Debug\BooksStore.pdb
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Xml.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.InternalAbstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Data.Common.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Xml.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\fr-CA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\anuitex-17\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BooksStore\BooksStore\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\BooksStore.dll.config
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\BooksStore.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\BooksStore.pdb
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.InternalAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Data.Common.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Xml.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\fr-CA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\obj\Debug\BooksStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\obj\Debug\BooksStore.dll
C:\Users\Anuitex-17\Source\Repos\BooksStore2\BooksStore\obj\Debug\BooksStore.pdb
